README.md, before:

# jeera

![](http://photon.abstractj.org/Jeera-rice.jpg)

Another Jira command line interface based on [jilla](https://github.com/godmodelabs/jilla) and [jira-cmd](https://github.com/germanrcuriel/jira-cmd)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/jeera.png?downloads=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/jeera/)

Note: It was forked and adapted from [jira-cmd](https://github.com/germanrcuriel/jira-cmd) to my own needs.

## Installation

Install [node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

Then, in your shell type:

    $ npm install -g jeera

## Usage

##### First use

    $ jeera
    Jira URL: https://jira.atlassian.com/
    Username: xxxxxx
    Password: xxxxxx
    Information stored!

This save your credentials (base64 encoded) in your `$HOME/.jira` folder.

##### Help

    Usage: jira [options] [command]

    Commands:

      ls [options]           List my issues
      start <issue>          Start working on an issue.
      coding <issue>         Start coding an issue.
      stop <issue>           Stop working on an issue.
      review <issue> [assignee] Mark issue as being reviewed [by assignee(optional)].
      resolve <issue>        Mark issue as resolved.
      done <issue>           Mark issue as finished.
      running                List issues in progress.
      jql <query>            Run JQL query
      search <term>          Find issues.
      assign <issue> [user]  Assign an issue to <user>. Provide only issue# to assign to me
      comment <issue> [text] Comment an issue.
      show [options] <issue> Show info about an issue
      create                 Create an issue or a sub-task
      open <issue>           Open an Issue in your browser
      report [options]       Generate a weekly report
      config [options]       Change configuration

    Options:

      -h, --help     output usage information
      -V, --version  output the version number

## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 <germanrcuriel@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Deprecation Notice
# JIRA: https://issues.jboss.org/browse/RHMAP-20477

README.md, after:

## Deprecation Notice
This repository has been deprecated and is not being maintained. It should not be used. If you have any questions, please get in touch with the collaborators.

jeera
=====

![](http://photon.abstractj.org/Jeera-rice.jpg)

Another Jira command line interface based on [jilla](https://github.com/godmodelabs/jilla) and [jira-cmd](https://github.com/germanrcuriel/jira-cmd)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/jeera.png?downloads=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/jeera/)

Note: It was forked and adapted from [jira-cmd](https://github.com/germanrcuriel/jira-cmd) to my own needs.

## Installation

Install [node.js](http://nodejs.org/).

Then, in your shell type:

    $ npm install -g jeera

## Usage

##### First use

    $ jeera
    Jira URL: https://jira.atlassian.com/
    Username: xxxxxx
    Password: xxxxxx
    Information stored!

This save your credentials (base64 encoded) in your `$HOME/.jira` folder.

##### Help

    Usage: jira [options] [command]

    Commands:

      ls [options]           List my issues
      start <issue>          Start working on an issue.
      coding <issue>         Start coding an issue.
      stop <issue>           Stop working on an issue.
      review <issue> [assignee] Mark issue as being reviewed [by assignee(optional)].
      resolve <issue>        Mark issue as resolved.
      done <issue>           Mark issue as finished.
      running                List issues in progress.
      jql <query>            Run JQL query
      search <term>          Find issues.
      assign <issue> [user]  Assign an issue to <user>. Provide only issue# to assign to me
      comment <issue> [text] Comment an issue.
      show [options] <issue> Show info about an issue
      create                 Create an issue or a sub-task
      open <issue>           Open an Issue in your browser
      report [options]       Generate a weekly report
      config [options]       Change configuration

    Options:

      -h, --help     output usage information
      -V, --version  output the version number

## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 <germanrcuriel@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
